Project Purpose:

	To create a program that takes a user input of room numbers, class numbers, and days a class is to be scheduled, and output a class schedule for the rooms given. This project is
also to determine our understanding of the software development process and the different phases of development. This begins with planning and organizing our approach aswell as consistantly 
updating a GANTT chart to plan, manage, and control the time for different phases of the process. This is a base level of our project and provides the ability to set time expectations and deadlines,
aswell as account for various setbacks that can occur along the process.
	This project then goes into the development process itself, which involves designing a program at the very base level, this starts with how data flows in our program. To accomplish this,
we use three levels of Data Flow Diagrams. The base level, or context, shows a high-level view of the data flow process, and how a user data moves through our program. The next level, level zero, 
shows a more detailed view of the process, and allows a use to follow the data as it goes from the start of its flow, to the end output, and the various processes that occur in between. The level one 
diagam is an in depth view of our scheduling process, how we manage data, what happens if an input meets a certain criteria, how does this class number, days to be scheduled, and room number actually
turn into a scheduled class.
	This isn't our only process, software development occurs in different stages, and diagrams like entity-relationship diagrams and use-case disgrams show how users interact with our software.
How does a client use our program? What happens when a client selects a certain button or uploads their information? How does this entity (user or client) engage with our software? These diagrams showcase 
this interaction and it is crucial to the design process to understand how a user can interact with our software. This project is a look into the software development process, from how users interact with our 
program, to the planning and time management aspects, testing, users interactions, and the actual user interface, this project is an entire view of how software goes from an idea from a brainstorming session, to 
a final product. 